FF35 RTCOutboundRtpStreamStats updates (#37722)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcoutboundrtpstreamstats/rid/index.md

---
title: "RTCOutboundRtpStreamStats: rid property"
short-title: rid
slug: Web/API/RTCOutboundRtpStreamStats/rid
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.RTCStatsReport.type_outbound-rtp.rid
---

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

The **`rid`** property of the {{domxref("RTCOutboundRtpStreamStats")}} dictionary is a string that specifies the RTP stream ID, if defined.

> The property only exists for audio streams where the rid has been set for the corresponding {{domxref("RTCRtpSender")}}.

Author: Yoiks.
```suggestion
The property only exists where the `rid` has been set for the corresponding {{domxref("RTCRtpSender")}}, and does not exist for audio streams.
```

If set, this value will be present regardless of whether the RID RTP header extension has been negotiated.

## Value

The value of the [`encodings.rid`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCRtpSender/setParameters#rid) argument passed to {{domxref("RTCRtpSender.setParameters()")}}, if any, when the corresponding transceiver is created.

> If the stream ID was not set this property does not exist.

Author: ```suggestion
The property is undefined if the stream ID was not set.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > This property only exists for audio streams.

Author: ```suggestion
> This property does not exist for audio streams.
```
